so Jonah's are exciting for tomorrow's
visit at the ring guitarist definitely
and so what are you are hoping for I
hope that I will be able to find out
which guitar that is good for me because
I love the sound of this beautiful sexy
guitar that's right they have others as
well so will it be there the custom will
it be this the Chinese with a beautiful
match will it be the white one with the
name with that class the vintage vintage
yep but when I heard them on on their
homepage I felt like that the sound was
more juicier on this one
could we go yes the Tesla pickup the
only test many groups we don't know so
if I so when we can try them in real
life
we are being there and listen with our
ears maybe get a different opinion yes
we don't know
off we go spelling out staying our next
stop
got to get some food for the car I guess
by of ayothaya oh I hate those touch
controls you have to test like a bad
female
but I already had a maximum fatigue six
gonna say little Donnell's this is like
Christmas
yeah
Vampir comity smallest air nugget on it
could se thank you wrong thankful to
will always out
they kill Monday shut the up so my
name is on this axis own and I have
started a new company that makes this
great get cocky toss and the brown bag
is green guitars and we started for
about a year ago and we make Rolla cheap
guitars played but they are extremely
good the sounds really good and they are
very they are very nice